---
layout: post
title:  "Dispatch #1 - January 26, 2021"
date:   2021-01-26 14:10:16 -0800
slug: tuesday-dispatch-1
image: SanClemente_Pier.jpg
categories: typewriters poetry dispatches
---
## Outside the Wire

It's been a rainy week here in San Diego but that didn't stop me from getting outside. I spent an afternoon in San Clemente and also had the chance to visit with an old friend. Life sure does take some strange turns. We hadn't seen each other in almost a year and a lot has changed. But maybe the changes are just on the surface. At any rate it was good to see him.

## Motorcycles

Before the rain I went on a short ride. I felt great, a good dose of sunshine and wind does wonders for the soul. The storm front should clear through here in the next few days and I'll be able to put some miles on the Wide Glide. Big rides are in order.

## Typewriters

I'm at capacity in terms of typewriters. Somehow I ended up with three: 1967 Olympia SM 9, 1969 Olivetti Lettera 32 and a 1971 Olympia SM 9. There are distinct differences in the design and feel of the Olmpia's compared to the Olivetti. The Olympia's are workhorses, clearly engineered by a German. If you're going to type all day long in an office an Olympia is your machine. The Olivetti is beautifully designed and delicate. The keys feel more like a modern Mac. Both have their place. I find myself switching between the two when I'm writing my morning poem.

## Poetry

I'm still writing a poem every morning. Some days I hit on a good idea and can follow through on it. Other days aren't so good.  

I'll leave it with two of my favorites from last week.  

  -- Jerad 


* * *  

>  



#### OVER A DECADE LATER 

  A cold rain fell in sheets  
  And the wind howled through the trees  
  All night long that scene repeat  
  My thoughts drifted overseas  

  Overwhelmed with unease  
  I closed my eyes tight  
  And tried to replace it all with Champs-Elysees  
  After midnight that gunfight faded out of sight  

  Peacefully, I slept through the rest of the night  

* * *  

>  

#### CHOICES 

There is always an easy way out  
&nbsp;&nbsp; Avoid at all cost  
&nbsp;&nbsp; Take the hard route  
&nbsp;&nbsp; I promise you won't get lost  
The easy way seems great  
&nbsp;&nbsp; But there's always an "oh, by the way"  
&nbsp;&nbsp; Only fools take the bait  
&nbsp;&nbsp; Walk away  
Now what?  
&nbsp;&nbsp;  This is where you tame that bouncing ball of fear  
&nbsp;&nbsp; The one that keeps eating away inside your gut  
&nbsp;&nbsp; You're winning this battle, make that clear  
  When the dust settles ... problem solved  
  And you've evoled     

* * *
