---
layout: post
title:  "Dispatch #2 - February 2, 2021"
date:   2021-02-02 14:10:16 -0800
slug: dispatch-2
image: WideGlide_Library.jpg
categories: dispatches
---
## Outside the Wire

Establishing a yoga practice is one of my goals for 2021. So far, I'm on track. I've dabbled with yoga a few times in the past, but this is my first serious attempt. This month the sessions are more intense and the work is starting pay off. Slow progress each day.

Generating the mental energy to write fiction has been a struggle for the past year or so. This week I turned the tide against resistance and began what I'm calling, "Lane Shepherd's Origin Story."  At this stage there isn't much to share except that progress is happening. The theme is __Friendship__  .... And yes, Adam Walsh will be at Lane's side.

## Motorcycles

I went for a great ride up into Orange County or 'the OC' as the locals call it. The Wide Glide is rolling strong and I feel like we're becoming one. Every ride has it's share of struggle. It's either too hot, too cold, or too windy. Those moments of perfect bliss on two wheels are few and far between but worth every minute of suffering to get there.

## Typewriters

I wrote a good amount on the 1967 Olympia SM 9. That machine is quickly becoming my favorite. The thing is just straight up made for typing and has a great feel once you get in tune with it.

## Poetry

I'm intentionally cutting back on the poetry while I focus on writing fiction. Here are two of my favorites from this week.  


* * *  

>  



#### THE RIDE

  Motorcycles are inherently dangerous  
  Set that aside for now  
  From time to time it's okay to be adventerous  
  This may be a shock but nobody makes it out alive anyhow  

  Crass indeed, but hang with me  
  When you fire up the engine, the whole thing rumbles and shakes  
  It'll put a smile on your face, I guarantee  
  In that moment, there are no mistakes or heartbreaks  

  Temper your excitement, those demons come back  
  Motorcycles amplify what's between your left and right ear  
  When your life is off track, it'll give you an anxiety attack  
  But you can always find the answer somewhere in sixth gear  

  That's what bikers mean when they say:  
  "I'm going for a ride to clear my mind, it's been a tough day."  




* * *  

>  

#### THE UNIVERSALITY OF PROBLEMS

  When things are too good  
  We create problems that are not problems at all  
  Jane had a new cabinet made from East Indian rosewood  
  From there things began to snowball  

  She didn't like the cut of the grain  
  And couldn't help but fixate  
  Something had to be done, it was driving her insane  
  Jane decided the entire estate needed an update   

  Of course, renovations meant years of excessive stress  
  The cycle repeated itself. So it goes.  
  A life spent drowning in excess  
  Is it right or wrong? Who knows.  

  To some extent, we all obsess over objects  
  It's called the Coronado Complex  




* * *
